---
layout: default
title: Engagement Shoot Locations
---

:page-header{title="Engagement Shoot Locations" description="Please note: Photography permits and requirements can change at any time. While we try to keep this guide as updated as possible, it is always best to check with the location about availability and restrictions before your shoot."}

::SectionPackages
:::PackagePrice
---
title: RC Harris Water Treatment Plant
price: 
description: Permit - Free | I highly recommend this location!

includedFeatures:
 - Architectural Beauty - The RC Harris Water Treatment Plant is an architectural masterpiece and a designated heritage building. Designed in the Art Deco style, it features stunning craftsmanship, intricate details, and grandeur. The unique architecture provides a visually appealing and elegant backdrop for engagement photos, adding a touch of sophistication and charm.
 - Waterfront Location - The RC Harris Water Treatment Plant is located on the shores of Lake Ontario, providing a beautiful waterfront setting for engagement pictures. The scenic views of the lake, coupled with the impressive architecture, create a unique and romantic atmosphere for capturing memorable moments.
 - Versatile Photography Options - The water treatment plant offers a range of photography options within its vicinity. You can utilize the grand entrance with its imposing columns, explore the surrounding gardens and green spaces, or take advantage of the reflections and water features near the lakefront. This versatility allows for diverse engagement photo styles and compositions.
 - Less Crowded Location - Compared to some other popular engagement photoshoot locations, the RC Harris Water Treatment Plant tends to be less crowded. This can provide a more intimate and private experience for couples during their photoshoot, allowing them to feel more comfortable and natural in front of the camera.
 - Proximity to Other Scenic Locations - The RC Harris Water Treatment Plant is located in the eastern part of Toronto, which offers additional opportunities for engagement photos. You can explore the nearby beaches, parks, and scenic spots like the Scarborough Bluffs, creating a multi-location photoshoot that showcases different aspects of your love story.
image:
  src: /img/hire-me/package1.webp
  alt: Mini
---
:::
:::PackagePrice
---
title: Scarborough Bluffs
price: 
description: Permit - Free (Please confirm with city)
includedFeatures:
  - Natural Beauty The Scarborough Bluffs offer breathtaking natural beauty with their tall cliffs, sandy beaches, and panoramic views of Lake Ontario. The dramatic landscape serves as a stunning backdrop for engagement photos, providing a unique and picturesque setting.
  - Scenic Views: The Bluffs provide sweeping views of Lake Ontario and the surrounding skyline, offering a beautiful and scenic environment. The stunning vistas can add a sense of grandeur and romance to your engagement photos, creating a captivating visual impact.
  - Variety of Settings The Bluffs offer a diverse range of settings for photography, allowing for a variety of engagement photo styles. You can capture romantic shots on the sandy shores, incorporate the towering cliffs for a dramatic effect, or explore the surrounding greenery for a more natural and rustic feel. This versatility makes it easier to create a personalized and memorable engagement photoshoot.
  - Scenic Views The Bluffs provide sweeping views of Lake Ontario and the surrounding skyline, offering a beautiful and scenic environment. The stunning vistas can add a sense of grandeur and romance to your engagement photos, creating a captivating visual impact.
  - Historical and Cultural Significance The Scarborough Bluffs have historical and cultural significance in Toronto, adding depth and meaning to engagement photos. The bluffs have been a prominent landmark for centuries and hold a special place in the community. Capturing your love story in such a significant location can make the photos more meaningful and memorable.

image:
  src: /img/hire-me/package1.webp
  alt: Mini
---
:::
::

::SectionCtaHireMe{.mt-16}
#title
Questions or Inquiring?
#description
Thank you for considering __Visions By AP__ to be a part of your special day! 
<br>
Tell us a little about yourself and how we can help make your day 
<br>
__extra memorable__!
::
