---
layout: default
title: FAQ
---

:page-header{title="Frequently Asked Questions" description="Some common questions.."}

::SectionFaq{.max-w-2xl.mx-auto}
#items
  :::QaItem
  #question
  How many images will I receive?
  #answer
  Every wedding is unique and images are curated accordingly, there is no strict limit in the number of images we provide you with. On average 700 to 1000 images are provided.
  :::
  :::QaItem
  #question
  When can we receive our images?
  #answer
  Based on the event, for weddings up to 3-5 months, wedding and receptions up to 4-6 months, and engagement sessions up to a month. Express delivery option is available.
  :::
  :::QaItem
  #question
  Do you book more than one event for a given date and time?
  #answer
  No.  Pratheep is our lead photographer, we ensure he is a part of every event's coverage. We only shoot one wedding at a time.
  :::
  :::QaItem
  #question
  How do you ensure the safety of our images?
  #answer
  All of our cameras use dual memory cards, once a photo is taken it will automatically be copied to the second memory card. After completing the coverage, we back up our memory cards to our Network-Attached Storage, which is automatically mirrored to our cloud storage.
  :::
  :::QaItem
  #question
  We are camera shy, would you still be able to capture images of us?
  #answer
  Every couple is distinct and we ensure that you are comfortable throughout the image capturing process. We want to ensure our images speak for your personality.
  :::
  :::QaItem
  #question
  Do you shoot events other than weddings?
  #answer
  Yes, we enjoy capturing all your special events. Please complete our Contact Form on our site to learn more about what we have to offer.
  :::
  :::QaItem
  #question
  What is your payment structure?
  #answer
  Our payment structure is the following; 30% retainer at signing, 30% retainer four months before the wedding date, 30% one month before the wedding date and 10% upon delivery of your images (Accommodations could be made per request).
  :::
  :::QaItem
  #question
  Do you travel for wedding and engagement sessions?
  #answer
  Yes, we are willing to travel anywhere, both within the GTA and out. Connect with us to learn more about how travelling works.
  :::
  :::QaItem
  #question
  How long have you been photographing weddings?
  #answer
  Proudly capturing weddings and events since since 2012.
  :::
  :::QaItem
  #question
  Can we see reviews from your past clients?
  #answer
  Yes, you can find our past client’s reviews on Google Reviews.
  :::
  :::QaItem
  #question
  How do we book Visions By AP?
  #answer
  You can start the booking process by completing the Contact Form on our site or emailing info@visionsbyap.ca.
  :::
::


::SectionCtaHireMe{.mt-16}
#title
Questions or Inquiring?
#description
Thank you for considering __Visions By AP__ to be a part of your special day, Tell us a little about yourself and how we can help make your day __extra memorable__!
::
