---
layout: default
title: Wedding Tips
---

:page-header{title="Wedding Tips" description="Few tips to help you prepare for your wedding day!"}

::SectionPackages
:::PackagePrice
---
title:
price: 
description: 
includedFeatures:
  - We recommend 2-2.5 hours for pictures at the brides's house before you leave the venue.
  - We recommend 2 hours (2.5 Hours if there is a milk ceremony) for pictures at the groom's house before you leave the venue.
  - Have at least one room with windows which is tidy and clean for getting ready photos
  - In the same selected getting ready room, have all items such as invitation, bouquet, accessories, and outfits laid out and ready.
  - Request your makeup artist to come 20 to 30 minutes earlier than the time they propose, as South Asian makeup tends to run late.
  - If you intend on taking photos at home with bridesmaids/groomsmen/immediate family, ensure they are fully dressed and ready at your location at least an hour before departure.
  - If you would like to do a first look with bridesmaids/groomsmen/immediate family it is best they are ready and present at the location before the photography start time.
  - We encourage that once you arrive at the venue, if possible, provide us with 10 to 15 minutes to set up lights and photograph the venue and decor before you enter.
  - We encourage setting aside a minimum of 30 to 45 minutes after the wedding to take post-wedding portraits.
image:
  src: /img/hire-me/package0.webp
  alt: Mini
---
:::
::

::SectionCtaHireMe{.mt-16}
#title
Questions or Inquiring?
#description
Thank you for considering __Visions By AP__ to be a part of your special day! 
<br>
Tell us a little about yourself and how we can help make your day 
<br>
__extra memorable__!
::
